# Mistakes

This file contains conclusions and main points of self-reflection. I decided to sum up some thoughts during developing process.

----

1. TESTS: I highly doubt we need 2 test cases .toBeInTheDocument() and .toBeVisible() at the same time. If something is visible - it's in DOM... So, there is at least 60+ needless tests cases. The main point of it: "do not check the same thing twice+ times using different methods"
2. REACT: Do not create wrapper UI components more complicated than it must be. Situation: I wanted to add <Article/> semantic component and put my own custom <Header/> with situation entries in it. But, it appears that long before that I created this component with custom header inside, that can accept only 'title=' props. So there was NO way I could put my custom entries using that version of such component. Additionaly, the same name of <Article/> as the semantic tag <article/> cause a misunderstanding (even for me - the only developer!). So, do not ever create wrappers on semantic components complex!!
3. GIT: In the descriptions of each commit I very often write 'add SCSS styles', that can be understood as 'add complete pack of styles, and there is nothing to develop any more - we can use it in production". But actually I meant 'I create corresponding .module.scss file and attach it to the component, but there are not any styles in it yet". WOW and LOL! Occasionally, the reality appears to be almost the opposite of the description I write. So, the conclusion is: "write in commit the exact thing you've done, and avoid using 'add' word - use 'attach', 'import', 'create', 'make component render smth' and other accurate words instead"
4. REACT: Do not overly incapsulate executing logic. This mistake occures when we disobey the Single Responsibility principle. For example, I had this <PostList/> component that had been rendering array of <PostCard/>-s components, and additionally contained <Pagination/> component. So, all actual logic of <Posts/> page was inside <PostList/>. Then I understood that I need to add ability to filter them (add filtering options). So, had it go to the <PostList/> component? Hardly... But all data were in it, SO it needed huge refactoring, and I'd done it. But, remember this: 'do not over-incapsulate logic and respect the Single Responsibility principle'